CSE 360, Professor Calliss, Recitation on Fridays from 10:45 to 11:35 am
Group Members: Carter Chamberlin, Johnathon Coughlin, Nicholas Richards, & Anthony Trang
Test Case 3:

Features:
Justification = Full
Line Length = 60
Spacing = Double
Description:  Given an input text file, output a new text file with
60 characters per line, full justification, and double spacing.





Sample Input:

The transistor is the fundamental building block of modern electronic
devices, and is ubiquitous in modern electronic systems. Julius Edgar Lilienfeld patented a

field-effect transistor in 1926 but it was not possible to actually construct a working device at that time.
The first practically implemented device was a point-contact transistor

invented in 1947 by American physicists John Bardeen, Walter Brattain, and William Shockley.

The transistor revolutionized the field of electronics, and paved the way for smaller and
cheaper radios, calculators, and computers, among other things. The transistor is on the list of IEEE milestones

in electronics, and Bardeen, Brattain, and Shockley shared the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics for their achievement.





Sample Output:


The  transistor  is the fundamental building block of modern

electronic  devices,  and is ubiquitous in modern electronic

systems.  Julius  Edgar  Lilienfeld  patented a field-effect

transistor  in  1926  but  it  was  not possible to actually

construct   a   working  device  at  that  time.  The  first

practically   implemented   device   was   a   point-contact

transistor  invented  in  1947  by  American physicists John

Bardeen,   Walter   Brattain,   and  William  Shockley.  The

transistor  revolutionized  the  field  of  electronics, and

paved  the  way for smaller and cheaper radios, calculators,

and  computers, among other things. The transistor is on the

list   of  IEEE  milestones  in  electronics,  and  Bardeen,

Brattain,  and  Shockley  shared  the  1956  Nobel  Prize in

Physics for their achievement.




Expected Analysis:

Total Whitespace:       168
Words processed:        111
Lines processed:        27
Blank lines removed:    4
Avg words per line:     4.11
Avg line length:        30
